1. I clearly understand who I report to.
2. Hard work and dedication are the best way to advance in this organization.
3. I have the equipment and resources to effectively do my job.
4. I believe employees doing the same job in this organization are compensated equally.
5. My department or team respects the views and opinions of one another.
6. I believe that County Council cares about the employees of this organization.
7. Internal conflict resolution is handled appropriately in this organization.
8. The training I receive allows me to assume additional work responsibilities.
9. I am expected to operate in a safe manner to avoid work related accidents.
10. This workplace effectively handles “people problems” that exist between staff.
11. I am proud to be a part of this organization.
12. The organization’s policies are applied fairly and consistently in my department.
13. This organization does not tolerate or permit unethical behavior.
14. My department or team normally completes our work assignments on schedule while still focusing on quality.
15. I trust the decisions and actions of the Senior Management Team.
16. Employee performance related issues are handled appropriately in this organization.
17. I believe I am recognized for my efforts.
18. I believe I am paid fairly for the work I do.
19. I receive the support I need from other departments to successfully meet my job responsibilities.
20. I am able to maintain a healthy balance between my work life and personal life.
21. I feel that my job is secure with this organization.
22. The interviewing, hiring and orientation of new employees is a well managed process.
23. My job allows me to utilize my talents.
24. The structure of our organization allows for effective communication and information exchange.
25. I am expected to treat both customers and co-workers honestly and ethically.
26. I feel that this organization respects diversity.
27. Teamwork is practiced in this organization.
28. I trust the decisions and actions of my department or team members.
29. I believe County Council is doing a good job in managing our organization.
30. This organization provides me with new experiences and a chance to grow.
31. I am never asked to perform an unsafe job or ignore safety concerns.
32. I would describe my workplace as being psychologically healthy.
33. I have sufficient time to focus on the quality of my work.
34. I believe the Senior Management Team communicates a clear vision of our future direction.
35. I understand the purpose of my organization as a whole.
36. I believe my job is important in this organization.
37. My manager regularly provides me with feedback.
38. I believe people are held accountable for their decisions and actions within this organization.
39. The departments within our organization share a common vision and direction.
40. We celebrate our successes in this organization.
41. I am comfortable approaching someone in this organization for assistance with workplace conflict.
42. Recognition is accurately distributed to the employees who deserve the credit.
43. My department or team holds efficient and productive meetings.
44. I am aware of whom to approach for assistance with workplace conflict.
45. My manager effectively communicates my job responsibilities.
46. I believe the Senior Management Team is doing a good job in managing our organization.
47. I am satisfied with the quality of equipment and tools provided by this organization.
48. I have the ability to voice safety and work environment concerns.
49. I believe my department or team works well together.
50. The department provides me with enough flexibility and support to meet the demands of my personal and family life.
51. I have gained valuable experience while working for this organization.
52. This organization is committed to the development of its staff members.
53. This organization offers competitive compensation and benefits.
54. I believe the employees in this organization communicate effectively.
55. The employees of this organization treat each other with respect.
56. I am satisfied with the quality of the job training I receive.
57. I believe County Council communicates a clear vision of the future direction of our organization.
58. I am given the responsibility and authority to do my job.
59. I feel supported in my workplace when I am dealing with personal or family issues.
60. I have sufficient access to my Manager.
61. Difficult situations at work are addressed effectively.
62. I feel that recognition is fair and consistent within our organization.
63. The culture of the overall organization is positive and optimistic.
64. I am comfortable expressing my opinions on issues that are important to me.
65. The employees in this organization strive for quality.
66. I am able to complete my work responsibilities during normal business hours.
67. I have a good working relationship with my Manager.
68. My development is encouraged by someone in this organization.
69. The training I receive is relevant to my work responsibilities.
70. My opinions matter in this organization.
71. I believe this organization respects and values my personal/family life.
72. This organizational structure allows us to operate in an efficient and productive manner.
73. I am satisfied with the benefits provided to me.
74. I believe the Senior Management Team cares about the employees in this organization.
75. I understand what type of behavior is expected in this organization.
76. This organization operates in a professional and ethical manner.
77. This organization does a good job of recognizing and rewarding outstanding performance.
78. I would recommend working here to a friend.
79. I'm valued and appreciated for the job I do.
80. I have career advancement opportunities within this organization.
81. Most employees that I regularly work with are happy with this organization.
82. I work in a safe environment.
83. I am supported by this organization to fulfill the responsibilities of my job.
84. I receive job training on a regular basis.
85. Work related obligations seldom require me to cancel or change my personal or family commitments.
86. I clearly understand my compensation and benefits package.
87. I trust the decisions and actions of County Council.
88. This organization provides me with a clear professional development plan.
89. Leadership within this organization communicates openly about important matters.
90. My job contributes to the purpose of this organization.
91. I have energy left at the end of most workdays for my personal life.
92. I believe the other departments or service groups operate effectively.
93. Most employees in this organization are productive and motivated.
94. My manager actively solicits my suggestions and ideas.
95. I have developed strong friendships in this organization.
96. The Senior Management Team does a good job of establishing and communicating clear priorities and objectives.
97. My manager is effective in setting clear job priorities and objectives.
98. I receive recognition when I do a good job.
99. I would feel comfortable reporting a co-worker who is not behaving in a professional or ethical manner.
100. I clearly understand what is expected of me in this organization.
101. I believe this organization is both customer focused and committed to quality.
102. This organization provides me with enough flexibility and support to meet the demands of my personal and family life.
103. I am willing to go beyond my normal work duties to help this organization succeed.
104. My coworkers behave in a professional manner.
105. There is a person in a leadership role in this organization that cares about me as an individual.
106. Employees I interact with cooperate and collaborate well with one another.
107. I have the opportunity to request training when needed.
108. County Council does a good job of establishing clear priorities and objectives.
109. I am supported by my department to fulfill the responsibilities of my job.
110. I believe this organization is committed to me as an employee.
